So why are you here?
You know, I've been dealing with Gatorade's Little Trix for way too long.
So you already knew?
I've never heard about your play reason, but she always uses MG Design's resources
to contribute to Swan that's simply unreasonable.
So the company, that was my turn to you.
Let's say this sign, the bone was his happiness taken away for control.
I also found him a partner because she was afraid that the girl would come back.
Like that?
Of course Morgan had a crush on him in high school.
Maybe his princess isn't some corporate hareress.
Maybe the girl whose name won't be mentioned anywhere is his happiness.
Wait, do you care about him?